atom,solar system,nucleus,sun,,science
The atom and the nucleus have a whole-part relationship, where the nucleus is the central component of the atom, around which all the other particles spin. Following the same logic for the solar system, the sun is the central element of the solar system, around which all the other planets spin. Therefore, the answer is sun.

atom,solar system,electron,planet,,science
The atom and the electron have a whole-part relationship, where the electron is a main element of the atom, that spins around a central point of it (the nucleus). Following the same logic for the solar system, the planet is a main component of the solar system, that spins around a central point of it (the sun). Therefore, the answer is planet.

heat transfer,water flow,kettle,bucket,,science
The kettle is the metal device that concentrates the heat transfer into a fixed space, maintaining the heat in that space. Following the same logic for the water flow, the bucket is the metal device used for concentrating the water flow into a fixed space, resulting in water being maintained in that space. Therefore, the answer is bucket.

heat transfer,water flow,cooling,emptying,,science
Cooling describes the state of a space where heat transfer is occurring so that heat is flowing out of it. Following the same logic for the water flow, emptying describes the state of a space where water flow is occurring so that water is flowing out of it. Therefore, the answer is emptying.

heat transfer,water flow,thermodynamics,hydrodynamics,,science
Thermodynamics is the branch of physics that studies heat transfer. Following the same logic for water flow, hydrodynamics is the branch of physics that studies water flow. Therefore, the answer is hydrodynamics.

sounds,waves,wall,shore,,science
The wall is a border where sounds stop, not going through it. Following the same logic for the waves, waves do not go over a shore, making the shore a border where waves stop. Therefore, the answer is shore.

sounds,waves,echoes,reflects,,science
When sounds encounter a boundary, they are turned back through a process called echoing (hence a sound echoes). Following the same logic, when waves encounter a boundary, they are turned back through a process called reflection (hence a wave reflects). Therefore, the answer is reflects.

sounds,waves,quiet,calm,,science
The absence of sounds is described through a state of quiet. Following the same logic for waves, the absence of waves is described through a state of calm. Therefore, the answer is calm.

respiration,combustion,animal,fire,,science
Respiration is the process that leads to the existence of an animal. Following the same logic, combustion is the underlying process that leads to the existence of fire. Therefore, the answer is fire.

respiration,combustion,breathing,burning,,science
Respiration is the physiological process that describes the state of breathing. Following the same logic, combustion is the physical process that describes the state of burning. Therefore, the answer is burning.

light,sound,red,low,,science
Red characterizes light as a vibration that is produced at small frequencies. Following the same logic for sound, low characterizes sound as a vibration that is produced at small frequencies. Therefore, the answer is low.

light,sound,violet,high,,science
Violet characterizes light as a vibration that is produced at high frequencies. Following the same logic for sound, high characterizes sound as a vibration that is produced at high frequencies. Therefore, the answer is high.

light,sound,bright,loud,,science
For light, when the volume of light is high, the light is described as being bright. Following the same logic for sound, when the volume of sound is high, the sound is described as being loud. Therefore, the answer is loud.

planet,projectile,orbit,trajectory,,science
The orbit describes the path followed by a planet as a moving object in space. Following the same logic for a projectile, the trajectory describes the path followed by a projectile as a moving object through space. Therefore, the answer is trajectory.

planet,projectile,sun,earth,,science
The planet moves according to the gravitational force that the sun exerts over it. Following the same logic for the projectile, the projectile moves according to the gravitational force that the earth exerts. Therefore, the answer is earth.

natural selection,artificial selection,species,breeds,,science
Natural selection is a natural process that leads to perpetuating selected traits into future generations of animals that are called species. Following the same logic, artificial selection is a manual process that leads to perpetuating selected traits into future generations that are called breeds. Therefore, the answer is breeds.

natural selection,artificial selection,competition,selection,,science
Natural selection is a natural process that leads to perpetuating specific traits, where these traits are chosen through competition between animals. Following the same logic, artificial selection is a process that leads to perpetuating specific traits, where these traits are chosen through selection by humans. Therefore, the answer is selection.

natural selection,artificial selection,mating,breeding,,science
For natural selection, mating is the process that occurs in natural selection to perpetuate specific traits. Following the same logic, breeding is the process used in artificial selection to perpetuate selected traits. Therefore, the answer is breeding.

gas molecules,billiard balls,molecules,balls,,science
Gas molecules are molecules that have a specific property of being in a gas state. Following the same logic, billiard balls are balls that have a specific property of being used in billiards. Therefore, the answer is balls.

gas molecules,billiard balls,gas,billiards,,science
Gas molecules are the main constituents that make up a gas. Following the same logic, billiard balls are the main elements used in billiards. Therefore, the answer is billiards.

gas molecules,billiard balls,cold,slow,,science
Gas molecules, when having low energy, are physically described as being cold, as their kinetic energy is too low to produce significant amounts of heat. Following the same logic, billiard balls, when having low energy, are physically described as being slow, since they have a slow motion. Therefore, the answer is slow.

mind,computer,thinking,processing,,science
The mind has the main role of thinking. Following the same logic for computer, the computer has the main purpose of processing. Therefore, the answer is processing.

mind,computer,forgetting,erasing,,science
For the mind, forgetting is the process by which learned information is removed from the mind. Following the same logic for the computer, erasing is the process by which stored data is removed from the computer. Therefore, the answer is erasing.

bacterial mutation,slot machine,reproducing,winning,,science
The successful outcome of a bacterial mutation is the act of reproducing. Following the same logic for the slot machine, the successful outcome of a slot machine is the act of winning. Therefore, the answer is winning.

bacterial mutation,slot machine,mutating,spinning,,science
The bacterial mutation observed in action is mutating. Following the same logic for the slot machine, the slot machine observed in action is spinning. Therefore, the answer is spinning.

accepting a belief,buying an item,believer,buyer,,metaphor
The believer is the agent who does the act of accepting a belief. Following the same logic, the buyer is the agent that does the act of buying an item. Therefore, the answer is buyer.

accepting a belief,buying an item,belief,merchandise,,metaphor
The belief describes the element that is directly involved in the act of accepting a belief. Following the same logic, merchandise describes the element that is directly involved in the act of buying an item. Therefore, the answer is merchandise.

accepting a belief,buying an item,advocating,selling,,metaphor
Advocating describes the process of accepting a belief from the perspective of the other agent involved in the action. Following the same logic, selling describes the process of buying an item from the perspective of the other agent involved in the selling. Therefore, the answer is selling.

reasons for a theory,grounds for a building,rational,solid,,metaphor
Having reasons for a theory leads to that theory having the main property of being rational. Following the same logic, having grounds for a building leads to that building having the main property of being solid.  Therefore, the answer is solid.

reasons for a theory,grounds for a building,theories,buildings,,metaphor
Reasons for a theory describe a context that directly focuses on theories. Following the same logic, grounds for a building describe a context that directly focuses on buildings. Therefore, the answer is buildings.

reasons for a theory,grounds for a building,confirming,supporting,,metaphor
The reasons for a theory have a confirming role for that theory. Following the same logic, the grounds for a building have a supporting role for that building. Therefore, the answer is supporting.

difficulties,impediments to travel,person,traveller,,metaphor
The difficulties are encountered by a person. Following the same logic, the impediments to travel are encountered by a traveller. Therefore, the answer is traveller.

difficulties,impediments to travel,goal,destination,,metaphor
For a person to encounter difficulties, they need to first have a goal. Following the same logic, for a person to encounter impediments to travel, they need to first have a destination. Therefore, the answer is destination.

difficulties,impediments to travel,plan,route,,metaphor
To overcome difficulties, a person needs to create a new plan. Following the same logic, to overcome impediments to travel, a person needs to create a new route. Therefore, the answer is route.

time,money,invest,allocate,,metaphor
To perform a new activity, a person needs to invest time in it. Following the same logic, to buy a new item, a person needs to allocate money for it. Therefore, the answer is allocate.

time,money,schedule,budget,,metaphor
The schedule is a structured plan for spending time. Following the same logic, the budget is a structured plan for spending money. Therefore, the answer is budget.

time,money,efficient,effective,,metaphor
If an activity results in saving time, that activity is efficient. Following the same logic, if an activity results in saving money, that activity is effective. Therefore, the answer is effective.

ideas,seeds,inspired,planted,,metaphor
For ideas to grow and evolve, they need to be inspired. Following the same logic, for seeds to grow and evolve, they need to be planted. Therefore, the answer is planted.

ideas,seeds,productive,fruitful,,metaphor
If ideas lead to a positive outcome, they are called productive. Following the same logic, if seeds lead to a positive outcome, they are called fruitful. Therefore, the answer is fruitful.

ideas,seeds,product,fruit,,metaphor
The practical outcome of ideas can be represented by a product. Following the same logic, the practical outcome of seeds can be represented by a fruit. Therefore, the answer is fruit.

mind,machine,thinking,working,,metaphor
For the mind to output something, it needs to be thinking. Following the same logic, for the machine to output something, it needs to be working. Therefore, the answer is working.

mind,machine,awake,turned on,,metaphor
For the mind to be working, it first needs to be awake. Following the same logic, for the machine to be working, it first needs to be turned on. Therefore, the answer is turned on.

idea,object,understand,hold,,metaphor
To discover the weight of an idea, a person first needs to understand it. Following the same logic, to discover the weight of an object, a person first needs to hold it. Therefore, the answer is hold.

idea,object,analyze,weigh,,metaphor
To discover the inner properties of an idea, a person needs to analyze it. Following the same logic, to discover the inner properties of an object, a person needs to weigh it. Therefore, the answer is weigh.

understanding,following,understand,follow,,metaphor
Understanding describes the continuous unfolding of the action to understand. Based on the same logic, following describes the continuous unfolding of the action to follow. Therefore, the answer is follow.

understanding,following,speaker,leader,,metaphor
A successful speaker has people understanding them. Based on the same logic, A successful leader has people following them. Therefore, the answer is leader.

understanding,seeing,knowledge,light,,metaphor
For understanding an idea, a person needs knowledge about it. Following the same logic, for seeing an object, a person needs light to reflect on it. Therefore, the answer is light.

understanding,seeing,explaining,illuminating,,metaphor
For understanding an idea, a person needs to have a source explaining it. Following the same logic, for seeing an object, a person needs to have a source illuminating it. Therefore, the answer is illuminating.

life,theatre,event,act,,metaphor
The stories presented in life are composed of events (an event). Following the same logic, the stories presented inside the theatre are composed of acts (an act). Therefore, the answer is act.

life,theatre,people,actors,,metaphor
The stories presented in life are performed by people. Following the same logic, the stories presented inside the theatre are performed by actors. Therefore, the answer is actors.